Add some of the introductory material (#8)
space-ros/docs: source/Introduction/About-SpaceROS.rst

> About Space ROS

Reviewer: The filename of this article should probably be `About-Space-ROS.rst` to conform with the official spelling `Space ROS` rather than `SpaceROS`.

Author: Agreed. Fixed.

I also renamed How-SpaceROS-Differs.rst to become How-Space-ROS-Differs.rst.

In the future, robots will be used for all sorts of tasks, like mining and excavation, maintenance and repair, in-space manufacturing, and site preparation.

.. image:: /images/canadarm.jpg

.. rst-class:: image-subtitle

    The Canadarm manipulator

Increase in Software Complexity
###############################

With these various kinds of applications comes the corresponding increase in the overall complexity of the systems, especially the associated software.
The amount of software on the robotic systems is increasing at a steep rate.
Consider the joystick controlled Lunokohd rover of 1970:

.. image:: /images/lunokhod.jpg

.. rst-class:: image-subtitle

    The Lunokhod rover, circa 1970

The amount of code on that rover was certainly minimal when compared to the 2 million+ lines of code required for the Mars rover in 2020.
Today, writing custom software for each mission is no longer a viable option as this approach typically results in:

* Higher development costs
* Minimal code reuse
* Time-consuming and costly qualification to meet required safety standards

The result is that there is an increasing demand for software re-use in space systems.

> ..

Reviewer: Is this set of dots spurious? It is treating the following paragraph as a very long comment directive.

Author: There was some text that I was trying to keep but comment out. I've removed it.

    In fact, the space community has been moving in the direction of re-usable software for some time, with flight software frameworks like FPrime and cFS, as well as mission control software, like Yamcs and OpenMCT.
    There are also smaller open source projects, like AprilTag, that have been used on space missions.
    In the picture here you can see the tags on the Perserverence rover, for example.
    These tags can be used as a point of reference or can be scanned to provide information, kind of like a QR code.
    The trend towards using open source software and reuse, in general, for space systems is clear.

.. image:: /images/ros_logo.png
    :width: 125

Meanwhile, back here on Earth, the broader robotics community has standardized on ROS, an open source platform for building robotics applications.
ROS includes communications middleware, drivers that interface to hardware, state-of-the-art algorithms, and a wide range of developer tools.
Implementing a robot for space applications can be greatly simplified by incorporating a robotics framework like ROS.

> For example, ROS packages like `MoveIt2 <https://github.com/ros-planning/moveit2>`_ can plan and execute motion for manipulators, like the Canadarm or the Robonaut with its hands and fingers.
> Other packages like `Navigation2 <https://github.com/ros-planning/navigation2>`_ provide the means for robots to perform dynamic path planning and navigation from point A to point B, while avoiding obstacles.

Reviewer: Would it make sense for the MoveIt and Navigation links to point to https://moveit.ros.org and https://navigation.ros.org/ respectively rather than the project repositories?
```suggestion
For example, ROS packages like `MoveIt2 <https://moveit.ros.org>`_ can plan and execute motion for manipulators, like the Canadarm or the Robonaut with its hands and fingers.
Other packages like `Navigation2 <https://navigation.ros.org/>`_ provide the means for robots to perform dynamic path planning and navigation from point A to point B, while avoiding obstacles.
```

Author: Yes, good idea. Updated.

There are many working groups associated with ROS that help advance it in various ways, including some that are relevant to mission critical systems, like the Safety and Real-Time working groups.
ROS 2 can use industry standard DDS implementations as its core communications middleware.
DDS is used for high reliability systems such as air-traffic control, autonomous vehicles, medical devices, and power grid management.

.. image:: /images/logo.svg
    :width: 250

Space ROS will be an open source, space-certifiable robotics framework that is designed to meet flight software standards.
It will begin as a subset of ROS 2 and will be aligned with aerospace and NASA standards, such as `DO-178C <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DO-178C>`_ and `NPR7150.2 <https://nodis3.gsfc.nasa.gov/displayDir.cfm?t=NPR&c=7150&s=2>`_, so that it can be adopted for high assurance missions.
Space ROS will also provide space-specific modules and interface with existing flight software tools and frameworks.
Space ROS will address the demand for software reuse in space robotics while bringing the benefits of ROS to space.

> ..

Reviewer: Again this is causing the paragraph below to be interpreted as a comment 
directive. Intentional?

Author: Yes, it was intentional to keep the text around as I was working on it. I'm done with editing (for now) and have removed it.
